At some point, we tried to raise more money and you know, the investor was like the entire natural deodorant industry is something like $30 million a year. And so that, that was like the Genesis of like, okay, look, we think we can create a deodorant that does the job of an, a. Antiperspirant the other way I thought about it was look like a lot of us work in office environments, where we commute in a car, we get to an office, we sit at a desk and work at a computer and, you know, using an antiperspirant everyday. I put it on product hunt, product hunt has multiple pages. And this was in 2015, you know, like today there's a new, natural theater at the lunches every day in 2015. I want to have another meeting because I think there's a problem with the deodorants. It sounds like it really paid off that you weren't just using a Chinese manufacturer. But we're doing like tiny changes, like, you know, like changes that wouldn't even influence the ingredient tackle that we're like, Hey look, do you think we should put in, you know, Uh, 1% of this ingredient or 1.05% of this to see what's better. Just me at the company I'm doing with customer service have a really good idea of what the problems are at the company doing the operation. You know, they hear you say we're only at a hundred thousand a month in revenue. I would want to maximize these sort of earnings per capita in my company. And you know, I have no idea what our business will look like a year from now. So obviously the product is getting better, but is it just, is it just like that it's a million little things getting better or was there a breakthrough or a. Point of emphasis that really was highlighted. And we're just like, I think this is a product that people want and need. Amazon has this phrase, you know, customer obsessed is what Jeff Bezos says. Look, you know, there are, there are times where I'm like, okay, look the month, a month closes. And I'm just like, we generated, you know, 4 million in revenue this year, this month add another zero to that price buddy, add two more zeros. And so I tweeted it and I was like, If you're wondering when I decided to destroy your business, it was when you sent me this letter, like before I was like, you know, you guys are a Nat, uh, and I don't care about your tiny business and I'll let you exist. Like, you know, we have this contest internally to make another email funny and very human. I have no idea how they were motivated to do that and they're that way. If you were 21 today, starting from scratch.