At some point, we tried to raise more money and you know, the investor was like the entire natural deodorant industry is something like $30 million a year. So why would anyone be interested in investing in a category that only has $30 million a year run rates? He is the founder of native deodorant, which is a natural deodorant brand. And so he sold it two and a half years later to Proctor and gamble for a hundred million dollars. And the tactics that he shared are actually quite insightful. I've lived in the same place for like four years. Aluminum is probably the largest thing that we're like, people are concerned about when it comes to the deodorant category. I don't want to take a pill to stop going to the bathroom. Aluminum free deodorant will do the job for you. And so you say we, but at the beginning it was just you correct? It was like, And, you know, we had gotten financial product. So I started testing every deodorant I could find, I tested like the Tom's remains of the world, the Schmidts of the world, the, uh, you know, the Etsy deodorants of the world. And so we're shipping these boxes out, we shipped 60 out and then sales start dropping because you know, we're off the product hunt and I'm like, okay. She'd be like, go quit this business tomorrow. I used to be selling products at a farmer's market, and now I'm making 500 dealers for you a week. And she's like, we're going to scale this business. So when I went under, we work was talking at the, let me look at the list for this year, hymns, the founder of Madison Reed, Strava calm method, and Ali lime, a bunch of CEOs and founders of multi-billion dollar companies and startups that come on stage and share insights about how they did what they did, how they got started and how SoCon is very different than a normal conference. So they are not only sharing good insights on the stage, but you get to meet them afterwards. In fact, I'm bringing out the editor of this podcast to come because I just think it's a really great opportunity. If you're thinking about starting an idea, A business or you are, you want to do that someday, or you're doing it right now, either way, listening to speakers, tell their stories, being in the audience, amongst a bunch of other like-minded people that is a really, really good way to get amongst it. So that's my genuine recommendation for hustle con. Let me give this to you guys so that you can get a discount. He gave, it was like an hour long conversation and I probably said five words. We're probably doing around, uh, 75 K in revenue a month and things are starting to scale well, wow. I rent a Zipcar and I go over there and I'm just looking at our deodorants. And I'm like, okay, well maybe this business is over again. Like, you know, we, we moved to a new manufacturer. So like our one I'm like, forget this business hour too. It sounds like it really paid off that you weren't just using a Chinese manufacturer. Great the day I go over there and terrible the next day. And the beginning, what we do is we send out samples to our best customers who would like were vocal and be like, Hey, I love your deodorant. I was like, this is version seven of the deodorant. If you like it, leave a review on our website. That's kind of amazing is that standard, cause I've never heard. Cause like we have this direct relationship with consumers that allows us to monitor, repeat purchase rates and have a direct line of communication with them. And so that's how we AB test formula change. So we switched formula basically because we have to, we think it's supposed to be better. Like, you know, deodorant's not something you can really go without like, you know, like toothpaste, I need this. You know, they hear you say we're only at a hundred thousand a month in revenue. And what does that mean for a deodorant business? And there's not a whole bunch of other examples. And so we're like, you know, we've got some cash, but not a ton of cash. Like, you know, it's just taking up so much of my time. Sir, we hired another person, a third, uh, the third person to join the team and he's doing customer service. And I was like, great, this is wonderful. Business to grow from that a hundred K a month to a million a month. Did you guys, obviously the formula is getting better. It's a lot easier to have word of mouth when you're doing 250 K 500 a month. They're not, I mean, what's the, I almost don't even think about it. I guess really what happened is by the time people started asking that question, I was like, I was like, we're doing a million dollars a month. Amazon has this phrase, you know, customer obsessed is what Jeff Bezos says. But also right when you sign up, you get a funny email from you guys, like talk about some of the things you guys have done on the customer service or customer obsessed side. Now you're doing a million dollars a month. They don't even reply back for like 90 days afterwards. Um, this is like, you know, look, there are so many different emotions that happen all the time when you're trying to sell a business. I still don't know, but yeah, we invite them all to the party and they're here and they're like, you know, I talked to them, uh, and like, you know, businesses send out like some businesses will send out one guy. Like I know how, you know, Unilever operates and I know how these private equity firms operate, but P and G nobody's seen them in the world in 10 years, Agra, just to do a deal like this. We're letting everyone come in with beds. Look, you know, there are, there are times where I'm like, okay, look the month, a month closes. We send out millions of emails a month and you want this from the beginning of the time that we launched the business. These guys are not going to go away unless we do this. Cause like, uh, I never felt it wasn't a, we with my investors, like they were all like super happy and super excited about getting the deal done. I will publicly write the wrong for the next 50 years. I'll give you an example right now, this company called, they said no to us. And so I tweeted it and I was like, If you're wondering when I decided to destroy your business, it was when you sent me this letter, like before I was like, you know, you guys are a Nat, uh, and I don't care about your tiny business and I'll let you exist. But if he's got it himself, for sure, I love it. How did it feel and where are you guys at now? And they're like, this is how it's going to be post acquisition. This is how we're thinking about the business. And so that was, that gave me a lot of comfort going into the deal. And we haven't even been there for 52 weeks. You don't have to go through the entire deodorant stick before you can get rid of it in the same way that you're not like if you open up a diet Coke, cause you want to like treat yourself, you don't have to drink the whole thing. And then you're like, this was a great deodorant. So people PR so you can prove this as a repeatable model. Do you have, do you have a few moments today? I'm gonna go back to them and show them this deal. It's like the people that work there and how devoted they are to the business. Like, you know, we have this contest internally to make another email funny and very human. I have no idea how they were motivated to do that and they're that way. And like, that's definitely something I do. If you were 21 today, what business would you want to go start? I would say, look, look e-commerce is amazing. Everything is really cheap out of the gate. And you will find something that works like, you know, even if you have to like go through a bunch of products and you're like, you know what? I don't have a direct line of communication with people who use my product every day. And I'm listening to this and I'm like, this guy is awesome. I'm like, look, if you're thinking about doing this, quit your job. But if you're in and you're like starting a business and it's got some traction and you're like, Hey, how do I start scaling this? This, this is what I like to do on the weekends.