At some point, we tried to raise more money and you know, the investor was like the entire natural deodorant industry is something like $30 million a year. Aluminum is probably the largest thing that we're like, people are concerned about when it comes to the deodorant category. And so that, that was like the Genesis of like, okay, look, we think we can create a deodorant that does the job of an, a. Antiperspirant the other way I thought about it was look like a lot of us work in office environments, where we commute in a car, we get to an office, we sit at a desk and work at a computer and, you know, using an antiperspirant everyday. And this was in 2015, you know, like today there's a new, natural theater at the lunches every day in 2015. And she's like, we're going to scale this business. I've been two or three times to hustle con it's a conference it's happening December 2nd and third in Oakland, they rent out the paramount theater, which is really amazing venue. Let me give this to you guys so that you can get a discount. I rent a Zipcar and I go over there and I'm just looking at our deodorants. And so like, all of this is just like works out randomly. Is it any better than like, you know, the formula that you actually paid for? And in the next six months, I will be an expert on deodorant. We're getting into the weeds as much as possible. I would want to maximize these sort of earnings per capita in my company. And so we're like, you know, we've got some cash, but not a ton of cash. So we've basically doubled the business between may and June. And you know, I have no idea what our business will look like a year from now. Tell you, Hey, repeat purchase rate is the thing to key in on, I think for like, uh, it depends on the product you're in. But also right when you sign up, you get a funny email from you guys, like talk about some of the things you guys have done on the customer service or customer obsessed side. Look, you know, there are, there are times where I'm like, okay, look the month, a month closes. And we were like negotiating with the person who owned the Mark simultaneously. And so I tweeted it and I was like, If you're wondering when I decided to destroy your business, it was when you sent me this letter, like before I was like, you know, you guys are a Nat, uh, and I don't care about your tiny business and I'll let you exist. Where did that strategy or mindset come from? This brand is not going to have any legs and no one's going to care without influencer advertising. Like, you know, we have this contest internally to make another email funny and very human. I would say, look, look e-commerce is amazing.