At some point, we tried to raise more money and you know, the investor was like the entire natural deodorant industry is something like $30 million a year. But because he is a very entertaining guy, very charismatic. So I'm in New York city running another e-commerce business. And it'll be on my body for 23 hours and 45 minutes for the next 60 years, I should at least be able to pronounce some of the ingredients in this thing. And what it does is aluminum acts as like a plug to block your sweat glands from excluding sweat. Cause I don't think that that's necessarily the case. Bought the name in July, 2015, basically 12 days later launched the business. I'm not sure if it's my personal body chemistry or what it is, but yeah, w we were testing natural deodorants left and right from Etsy. I started contacting all these like reporters and I'm like, Hey, do you want to write it out native? And this was in 2015, you know, like today there's a new, natural theater at the lunches every day in 2015. We're basically one of the few guys out there. And she's like, we're going to scale this business. I don't really want to be making these deodorants in my apartment. We'd go to like the Dominican Republic or something. And the meantime I'm like Googling and I'm like, okay, Who makes deodorants, like I've got a formula I want to make. If you're thinking about starting an idea, A business or you are, you want to do that someday, or you're doing it right now, either way, listening to speakers, tell their stories, being in the audience, amongst a bunch of other like-minded people that is a really, really good way to get amongst it. So that's my genuine recommendation for hustle con. Let me give this to you guys so that you can get a discount. I want to have another meeting because I think there's a problem with the deodorants. And you're not a scientist or biochemists. Uh, customers will even like do diagnoses and they're like, Hey, I think it's because of this. It sounds like it really paid off that you weren't just using a Chinese manufacturer. When you, when I build, I build products that are like software and software, it's pretty easy to iterate. Tactically about how you iterate with a physical product. The Sams of the world are buying again more frequently than the Sean's of the world. Cause like we have this direct relationship with consumers that allows us to monitor, repeat purchase rates and have a direct line of communication with them. We're getting into the weeds as much as possible. We're either going to close this business or switch formulas, let's switch formulas and see what happens. Just me at the company I'm doing with customer service have a really good idea of what the problems are at the company doing the operation. Uh, I was not, uh, you know, in Silicon Valley, there's a lot of people that whole thing to do is say, I'm here to change the world. We sold that business for a seven figure sum. And what does that mean for a deodorant business? Where you break even where you're better than that? And there's not a whole bunch of other examples. So like a few months after we started and then another $250,000 in about April of 26, and this was friends and family, or this was, these were both outside investors that I had just met. And so we're like, you know, we've got some cash, but not a ton of cash. So we've basically doubled the business between may and June. And by like, you know, by November, 2016, we're doing a million dollars a month. So obviously the product is getting better, but is it just, is it just like that it's a million little things getting better or was there a breakthrough or a. Point of emphasis that really was highlighted. We're spending more on ads because we understand product market fit. Cause how many mattresses is someone going to buy it? But like when you're selling a consumable bite, like deodorant, the whole point is that people are brand loyal. I guess really what happened is by the time people started asking that question, I was like, I was like, we're doing a million dollars a month. But I do remember, like we had this one question from an investor. And we're just like, I think this is a product that people want and need. Taking a shot every time you say customer service, they're dead. Amazon has this phrase, you know, customer obsessed is what Jeff Bezos says. I think this is like, you know, this isn't serious. Yeah, I'm not sure if they have the roses or I have the roses. I still don't know, but yeah, we invite them all to the party and they're here and they're like, you know, I talked to them, uh, and like, you know, businesses send out like some businesses will send out one guy. And did you, what did you internally, what did you internally think about this? Look, you know, there are, there are times where I'm like, okay, look the month, a month closes. And I'm just like, we generated, you know, 4 million in revenue this year, this month add another zero to that price buddy, add two more zeros. And like, you know, during diligence, people are asking for random, there was one company that asked for every email that we had ever sent out. It's not real until the deal almost falls through. Cause like, uh, I never felt it wasn't a, we with my investors, like they were all like super happy and super excited about getting the deal done. I will publicly write the wrong for the next 50 years. And so I tweeted it and I was like, If you're wondering when I decided to destroy your business, it was when you sent me this letter, like before I was like, you know, you guys are a Nat, uh, and I don't care about your tiny business and I'll let you exist. But if he's got it himself, for sure, I love it. And they're like, this is how it's going to be post acquisition. Is this just like your marketing genius or what, what is it? Maybe I should buy the, you know, coconut and vanilla. I was like, we turned your 50 K to a million dollars. Like the journey of like friendships I made with all the employees that I have and like a bunch of like most of the team is still there. And I was like, you know, if a bus hits me on the way to work, I'm still going to get to work. And like, you know, now when I go to restaurants, like one of the best thing is I'm just like. If you were 21 today, starting from scratch. Like, you know, I love when people have gotten skin in the game. I'm like, look, if you're thinking about doing this, quit your job.