At some point, we tried to raise more money and you know, the investor was like the entire natural deodorant industry is something like $30 million a year. And the tactics that he shared are actually quite insightful. So I'm in New York city running another e-commerce business. I've lived in the same place for like four years. And, you know, I'm an attorney, I'm not a dumb guy. And what it does is aluminum acts as like a plug to block your sweat glands from excluding sweat. And so that, that was like the Genesis of like, okay, look, we think we can create a deodorant that does the job of an, a. Antiperspirant the other way I thought about it was look like a lot of us work in office environments, where we commute in a car, we get to an office, we sit at a desk and work at a computer and, you know, using an antiperspirant everyday. And this was in 2015, you know, like today there's a new, natural theater at the lunches every day in 2015. And she's like, we're going to scale this business. I don't really want to be making these deodorants in my apartment. So as you guys know, this podcast is published by the hustle. So that's my genuine recommendation for hustle con. And I'd been sending out samples to people and saying like, you know, our best customers who are like communicating with me and I'd be like, Hey, what do you think of this formula? Like the science that I was supposed to do. It sounds like it really paid off that you weren't just using a Chinese manufacturer. All of our deodorants are made in the United States, uh, for two reasons, one you're right. So like, you know, when we give them a purchase order, they're able to make it much faster. And we're going to jump back into the story, but one more tactical piece. So this must have been kind of unusual for people, I guess. If you buy directly from us, we were following up with every customer. And as a result, it must be that that's the formula that we sent to the Sams of the world are better. And so that's how we AB test formula change. We're either going to refund the customers and close the business or do something. Like, you know, deodorant's not something you can really go without like, you know, like toothpaste, I need this. Just me at the company I'm doing with customer service have a really good idea of what the problems are at the company doing the operation. You know, they hear you say we're only at a hundred thousand a month in revenue. I would want to maximize these sort of earnings per capita in my company. And the customer service inquiries have gotten to be even more than she can. Sir, we hired another person, a third, uh, the third person to join the team and he's doing customer service. I guess really what happened is by the time people started asking that question, I was like, I was like, we're doing a million dollars a month. Why, why decide to sell when things are sort of when the going is good and I'm going to ask you how you sold it. I went out to meet with them and you know, they're like, okay, great. And I was like, No, uh, I'm not going through this again. Um, this is like, you know, look, there are so many different emotions that happen all the time when you're trying to sell a business. Or, Oh, like, they're like, yeah, we're interested in this business. Yeah, I'm not sure if they have the roses or I have the roses. I still don't know, but yeah, we invite them all to the party and they're here and they're like, you know, I talked to them, uh, and like, you know, businesses send out like some businesses will send out one guy. And so, so we go through this process with a bunch of these guys, and then what we say is like, look here, look, if you're still interested in this business, here's all the data, here's all the diligence that you need in the business. This is the first acquisition they're making in 10 years. Like I know how, you know, Unilever operates and I know how these private equity firms operate, but P and G nobody's seen them in the world in 10 years, Agra, just to do a deal like this. Look, you know, there are, there are times where I'm like, okay, look the month, a month closes. And two, I remember one guy who, who was like the CEO of the company was like, you know, trying to judge my marketing ability. But, uh, these are the crazy stories that happen at the end of the deal or, you know, right. Cause like, uh, I never felt it wasn't a, we with my investors, like they were all like super happy and super excited about getting the deal done. Like, you know, you know that you're doing this and I know that you're doing this right. And so I tweeted it and I was like, If you're wondering when I decided to destroy your business, it was when you sent me this letter, like before I was like, you know, you guys are a Nat, uh, and I don't care about your tiny business and I'll let you exist. Where did that strategy or mindset come from? Like competitiveness with him or I think it came from him. Why did the first acquire or not end up buying you? This brand is not going to have any legs and no one's going to care without influencer advertising. I'm like, I know what's working in my company. Like tell us you started balling out of control a little bit. We'd go to this like Thai restaurant for dinner, which is really fun, but like, what's shocking is like how little life has changed. Yeah, I do this, this and this, this change. I'm taking the $22 one because I want shrimp tonight. And that's like an amazing, amazing high. I would say, look, look e-commerce is amazing. Now I'm trying to sell something like a, you know, deodorant, right? Like, you know, I love when people have gotten skin in the game.