At some point, we tried to raise more money and you know, the investor was like the entire natural deodorant industry is something like $30 million a year. So why would anyone be interested in investing in a category that only has $30 million a year run rates? And so he sold it two and a half years later to Proctor and gamble for a hundred million dollars. But because he is a very entertaining guy, very charismatic. So where are you when you have the idea for native deodorant? And so I'm really familiar with this place. And so that, that was like the Genesis of like, okay, look, we think we can create a deodorant that does the job of an, a. Antiperspirant the other way I thought about it was look like a lot of us work in office environments, where we commute in a car, we get to an office, we sit at a desk and work at a computer and, you know, using an antiperspirant everyday. Cause I don't think that that's necessarily the case. Bought the name in July, 2015, basically 12 days later launched the business. But initially I was like, look, I don't think this business will work out. Um, so does my sister cause she's pregnant. I get a bunch of crinkle paper delivered to the house with wonderful is my brother is the messiest. And this was in 2015, you know, like today there's a new, natural theater at the lunches every day in 2015. I used to be selling products at a farmer's market, and now I'm making 500 dealers for you a week. We're both gonna like, hit home runs with this business. And so I'm like, okay, maybe this business is over. And, you know, she's like, okay, that sounds fair and reasonable. Quick break in the action to talk about hustle con. Let me give this to you guys so that you can get a discount. My first million, all caps, all one word again. I'm not going to like, uh, you know, bankrupt the business. I rent a Zipcar and I go over there and I'm just looking at our deodorants. Cause that's like a, you know, we're not, we're not doing a ton of sales. Like, you know, we, we moved to a new manufacturer. Over the course of the last eight months since this, or like last four months, since this woman had been making deodorant for me, like we'd gotten a lot of customer feedback basically saying our formula was kind of mediocre. And so for a while, we've been attempting to make a better deodorant, like a better formula. Solomon's like, you're running the washer and dryer every day. Like whenever I listen to a guest, tell the stories, I think to myself, Could I do this business. And in the next six months, I will be an expert on deodorant. It sounds like it really paid off that you weren't just using a Chinese manufacturer. It allows us to have a really flexible supply chain two. Great the day I go over there and terrible the next day. And we're going to jump back into the story, but one more tactical piece. So this must have been kind of unusual for people, I guess. That's milled to another particle size and we'll, we'll monitor your reviews six weeks after you purchase and your repeat purchase rates 12 weeks after you purchase and say, you know what? And as a result, it must be that that's the formula that we sent to the Sams of the world are better. But we're doing like tiny changes, like, you know, like changes that wouldn't even influence the ingredient tackle that we're like, Hey look, do you think we should put in, you know, Uh, 1% of this ingredient or 1.05% of this to see what's better. We're getting into the weeds as much as possible. Number two, definitely take it from there. We're either going to close this business or switch formulas, let's switch formulas and see what happens. Like, you know, deodorant's not something you can really go without like, you know, like toothpaste, I need this. Just me at the company I'm doing with customer service have a really good idea of what the problems are at the company doing the operation. Uh, I was not, uh, you know, in Silicon Valley, there's a lot of people that whole thing to do is say, I'm here to change the world. I would want to maximize these sort of earnings per capita in my company. And so we're like, you know, we've got some cash, but not a ton of cash. So we go from a hundred K in like may to a million in November. And you know, I have no idea what our business will look like a year from now. Business to grow from that a hundred K a month to a million a month. If I was selling Casper mattresses, I would be concerned about new customer acquisition. And so for me, I was like, look, we have to find like, if we're producing a deodorant, we need to make sure that people love it. I guess really what happened is by the time people started asking that question, I was like, I was like, we're doing a million dollars a month. Amazon has this phrase, you know, customer obsessed is what Jeff Bezos says. But also right when you sign up, you get a funny email from you guys, like talk about some of the things you guys have done on the customer service or customer obsessed side. Send us all of your financials and your information. They don't even reply back for like 90 days afterwards. Uh, maybe the, Oh, you know, the right person internally was like, we don't really care about this business. And then what you do is you say, you know what? Yeah, I'm not sure if they have the roses or I have the roses. Your competitors are selling for $5 a target. You know, they're just like, uh, so, so you're up at 2:00 AM preparing these things for them. They say something and you in your head, you're like, this is the moment I need to say something. And we were like negotiating with the person who owned the Mark simultaneously. These guys are not going to go away unless we do this. So, so this is actually that, that mindset your brother has told me about this. And so I tweeted it and I was like, If you're wondering when I decided to destroy your business, it was when you sent me this letter, like before I was like, you know, you guys are a Nat, uh, and I don't care about your tiny business and I'll let you exist. Where did that strategy or mindset come from? And so that was, that gave me a lot of comfort going into the deal. Is this just like your marketing genius or what, what is it? Maybe I should buy the, you know, coconut and vanilla. This brand is not going to have any legs and no one's going to care without influencer advertising. I'm like, I know what's working in my company. We're going to double down on that instead of doing anything that you suggest. And it's hard, like, you know, for us, we had a great safety net of like a success already or like momentum. Like tell us you started balling out of control a little bit. I was like, we turned your 50 K to a million dollars. And I was like, wow, these people like care, understand the business and want to make sure. If you were 21 today, what business would you want to go start? I would say, look, look e-commerce is amazing. If you don't have any resources and don't have any technical knowledge, you can still do. But if you're in and you're like starting a business and it's got some traction and you're like, Hey, how do I start scaling this?