At some point, we tried to raise more money and you know, the investor was like the entire natural deodorant industry is something like $30 million a year. He is the founder of native deodorant, which is a natural deodorant brand. And it'll be on my body for 23 hours and 45 minutes for the next 60 years, I should at least be able to pronounce some of the ingredients in this thing. I really liked what it stood for, which was like, we want to use ingredients that were like native to the earth. We get one sale and I'm like, okay, this business is over. And what was the little tagline at that time? I get a bunch of crinkle paper delivered to the house with wonderful is my brother is the messiest. And this was in 2015, you know, like today there's a new, natural theater at the lunches every day in 2015. We're basically one of the few guys out there. I used to be selling products at a farmer's market, and now I'm making 500 dealers for you a week. Quick break in the action to talk about hustle con. You know, you see a lot of people in suits. That'll give you 50 bucks a ticket to hustle con. I'm not going to like, uh, you know, bankrupt the business. I don't have to mortgage my house based on this. I rent a Zipcar and I go over there and I'm just looking at our deodorants. And I'd been sending out samples to people and saying like, you know, our best customers who are like communicating with me and I'd be like, Hey, what do you think of this formula? So we switched formula basically because we have to, we think it's supposed to be better. I was the only employee and I wasn't taking a salary, but I'd say on a hundred thousand dollars in business, I'm guessing. And so we're like, you know, we've got some cash, but not a ton of cash. One was super busy trying to run the business. And so I was like, I don't know how long we're going to be able to afford this person. Are you like, uh, I work 18 hours a day kind of guy or. You were the whole office and Toby being like, yeah, that's a terrible company days at the beginning, we get to June, we've got to hire, repeat per like, you know, we've got, Oh, we've got a higher repeat purchase rate, better reviews, you know, in June of 2016. And you know, I have no idea what our business will look like a year from now. And we're just like, I think this is a product that people want and need. Amazon has this phrase, you know, customer obsessed is what Jeff Bezos says. But also right when you sign up, you get a funny email from you guys, like talk about some of the things you guys have done on the customer service or customer obsessed side. I went out to meet with them and you know, they're like, okay, great. This is the first acquisition they're making in 10 years. Like I know how, you know, Unilever operates and I know how these private equity firms operate, but P and G nobody's seen them in the world in 10 years, Agra, just to do a deal like this. And I was like, the board is going to go through emails because even I barely like, I mean, I look at that, but I don't look at that on like a quarterly basis. This was a serious apart like that delayed the transaction with everybody. And we were like negotiating with the person who owned the Mark simultaneously. I'll give you an example right now, this company called, they said no to us. And so I tweeted it and I was like, If you're wondering when I decided to destroy your business, it was when you sent me this letter, like before I was like, you know, you guys are a Nat, uh, and I don't care about your tiny business and I'll let you exist. And as soon as we bought the trademark, I basically knew the deal was going to, I mean, there was only five more days, but I knew the deal was going to close since then, you know, we've grown the business a ton. And we haven't even been there for 52 weeks. And so like give your advice to somebody else. And it's hard, like, you know, for us, we had a great safety net of like a success already or like momentum. And so it's it's if you don't have that, Trust your gut. And so, uh, you know, I tell him, uh, you know, I need you to sign these docs in the next 24 hours. Like the journey of like friendships I made with all the employees that I have and like a bunch of like most of the team is still there. And I was like, you know, if a bus hits me on the way to work, I'm still going to get to work. And like, that's definitely something I do. And I'm less worried about the cost of airfare. If you were 21 today, starting from scratch. And I think that it can be answered in a bunch of different ways. I would say, look, look e-commerce is amazing. I'm like, look, if you're thinking about doing this, quit your job.