At some point, we tried to raise more money and you know, the investor was like the entire natural deodorant industry is something like $30 million a year. And the tactics that he shared are actually quite insightful. And so that's really where the problem starts. Aluminum is probably the largest thing that we're like, people are concerned about when it comes to the deodorant category. And so that, that was like the Genesis of like, okay, look, we think we can create a deodorant that does the job of an, a. Antiperspirant the other way I thought about it was look like a lot of us work in office environments, where we commute in a car, we get to an office, we sit at a desk and work at a computer and, you know, using an antiperspirant everyday. Cause I don't think that that's necessarily the case. I'm not sure if it's my personal body chemistry or what it is, but yeah, w we were testing natural deodorants left and right from Etsy. I get a bunch of crinkle paper delivered to the house with wonderful is my brother is the messiest. And so we're shipping these boxes out, we shipped 60 out and then sales start dropping because you know, we're off the product hunt and I'm like, okay. And this was in 2015, you know, like today there's a new, natural theater at the lunches every day in 2015. And she's like, we're going to scale this business. So when I went under, we work was talking at the, let me look at the list for this year, hymns, the founder of Madison Reed, Strava calm method, and Ali lime, a bunch of CEOs and founders of multi-billion dollar companies and startups that come on stage and share insights about how they did what they did, how they got started and how SoCon is very different than a normal conference. If you're thinking about starting an idea, A business or you are, you want to do that someday, or you're doing it right now, either way, listening to speakers, tell their stories, being in the audience, amongst a bunch of other like-minded people that is a really, really good way to get amongst it. I don't have to mortgage my house based on this. I rent a Zipcar and I go over there and I'm just looking at our deodorants. I've got something that's working for me. So how are you even figuring out the formula? They're blah, like, you know, you don't know what's in then. We're not setting up any more of these deodorants that are lotion. Was it, you know, were you already doing well financially? And what does that mean for a deodorant business? And so we're like, you know, we've got some cash, but not a ton of cash. So you're saying Saturday, Saturdays is customer service day. And you know, I have no idea what our business will look like a year from now. So obviously the product is getting better, but is it just, is it just like that it's a million little things getting better or was there a breakthrough or a. Point of emphasis that really was highlighted. Taking a shot every time you say customer service, they're dead. Now you're doing a million dollars a month. And I was like, No, uh, I'm not going through this again. Yeah, I'm not sure if they have the roses or I have the roses. Look, you know, there are, there are times where I'm like, okay, look the month, a month closes. And I'm just like, we generated, you know, 4 million in revenue this year, this month add another zero to that price buddy, add two more zeros. And I was like, the board is going to go through emails because even I barely like, I mean, I look at that, but I don't look at that on like a quarterly basis. And there's like a bunch of these acquirers. And there are these key moments that are just happening over a coffee or on the phone or whatever. But like, you know, do what you gotta do, but you could have had the opera, you had the opportunity for years. And so I tweeted it and I was like, If you're wondering when I decided to destroy your business, it was when you sent me this letter, like before I was like, you know, you guys are a Nat, uh, and I don't care about your tiny business and I'll let you exist. I think he just does a better job of like hiding it. But if he's got it himself, for sure, I love it. And they're like, this is how it's going to be post acquisition. You didn't know anything about deodorant, you went in with basically no money, no staff, no nothing. Anyway, we closed the deal, you know, money hits the bank. And I was like, you know, if a bus hits me on the way to work, I'm still going to get to work. Like, you know, we have this contest internally to make another email funny and very human. I would say, look, look e-commerce is amazing. If you chose that category is, do not disconnect yourself with the consumer.