At some point, we tried to raise more money and you know, the investor was like the entire natural deodorant industry is something like $30 million a year. You build a deodorant brand of all things. And so that, that was like the Genesis of like, okay, look, we think we can create a deodorant that does the job of an, a. Antiperspirant the other way I thought about it was look like a lot of us work in office environments, where we commute in a car, we get to an office, we sit at a desk and work at a computer and, you know, using an antiperspirant everyday. I really liked what it stood for, which was like, we want to use ingredients that were like native to the earth. And I was just like, look, these products, aren't cutting it. I get a bunch of crinkle paper delivered to the house with wonderful is my brother is the messiest. And this was in 2015, you know, like today there's a new, natural theater at the lunches every day in 2015. She'd be like, go quit this business tomorrow. Do you still get hands-on with the Facebook ads? And the meantime I'm like Googling and I'm like, okay, Who makes deodorants, like I've got a formula I want to make. And so like, you know, we launched like, you know, in July, 2015, we were doing a couple hundred dollars in revenue a month by January, 2016. And so, you know, look what had been happening is that okay. Solomon's like, you're running the washer and dryer every day. It sounds like it really paid off that you weren't just using a Chinese manufacturer. I don't know what quality control looks like over there. We didn't want any of that kind of stuff. If you buy directly from us, we were following up with every customer. We're getting into the weeds as much as possible. Just me at the company I'm doing with customer service have a really good idea of what the problems are at the company doing the operation. Was it, you know, were you already doing well financially? Sir, we hired another person, a third, uh, the third person to join the team and he's doing customer service. Business to grow from that a hundred K a month to a million a month. We're spending more on ads because we understand product market fit. Otherwise we're going to lose money on every single order. And we're just like, I think this is a product that people want and need. Look, you know, there are, there are times where I'm like, okay, look the month, a month closes. You know, they're just like, uh, so, so you're up at 2:00 AM preparing these things for them. But in reality, we had a trademark issue until we sold the business. These guys are not going to go away unless we do this. And so I tweeted it and I was like, If you're wondering when I decided to destroy your business, it was when you sent me this letter, like before I was like, you know, you guys are a Nat, uh, and I don't care about your tiny business and I'll let you exist. You come after Ross, we're building this wall 10 feet higher. Like competitiveness with him or I think it came from him. So one, I think one of the issues with these types of companies is always about like, or w what the deal is like deal certainty. And we haven't even been there for 52 weeks. And then you're like, this was a great deodorant. I'm like, I know what's working in my company. And like one of the things I realized afterwards, cause you know, all these people are like, Oh, being ready, which is not that great. Like, you know, we have this contest internally to make another email funny and very human. I would say, look, look e-commerce is amazing. This, this is what I like to do on the weekends.