At some point, we tried to raise more money and you know, the investor was like the entire natural deodorant industry is something like $30 million a year. So why would anyone be interested in investing in a category that only has $30 million a year run rates? Aluminum is probably the largest thing that we're like, people are concerned about when it comes to the deodorant category. And so that, that was like the Genesis of like, okay, look, we think we can create a deodorant that does the job of an, a. Antiperspirant the other way I thought about it was look like a lot of us work in office environments, where we commute in a car, we get to an office, we sit at a desk and work at a computer and, you know, using an antiperspirant everyday. Uh, so we launched the company in July, 2015. We get one sale and I'm like, okay, this business is over. And so he said that he said, told a story on the podcast, which was that at some point you guys were like ordering deodorants off Etsy and you're just testing deodorants. And this was in 2015, you know, like today there's a new, natural theater at the lunches every day in 2015. Do you still get hands-on with the Facebook ads? And she's like, we're going to scale this business. Let me give this to you guys so that you can get a discount. I rent a Zipcar and I go over there and I'm just looking at our deodorants. And I'm like, okay, well maybe this business is over again. I've got something that's working for me. Over the course of the last eight months since this, or like last four months, since this woman had been making deodorant for me, like we'd gotten a lot of customer feedback basically saying our formula was kind of mediocre. It sounds like it really paid off that you weren't just using a Chinese manufacturer. I was like, this is version seven of the deodorant. We email all the customers and we're like, Hey, look, your product was supposed to ship out today. You know, they hear you say we're only at a hundred thousand a month in revenue. We sold that business for a seven figure sum. I guess really what happened is by the time people started asking that question, I was like, I was like, we're doing a million dollars a month. But also right when you sign up, you get a funny email from you guys, like talk about some of the things you guys have done on the customer service or customer obsessed side. Yeah, I'm not sure if they have the roses or I have the roses. So we're out or we drop our price by half and then push comes to shove and P and G hasn't done a deal in like 10 years. Look, you know, there are, there are times where I'm like, okay, look the month, a month closes. So there's a bunch of them, some guy like the guys who were most interested in the business, ended up dropping out in the, uh, during the, during the acquisition conversations. And the music companies knew, Hey, these guys are about to sell. Cause like, uh, I never felt it wasn't a, we with my investors, like they were all like super happy and super excited about getting the deal done. And so I tweeted it and I was like, If you're wondering when I decided to destroy your business, it was when you sent me this letter, like before I was like, you know, you guys are a Nat, uh, and I don't care about your tiny business and I'll let you exist. And we haven't even been there for 52 weeks. I'm like, I know what's working in my company. We'd go to this like Thai restaurant for dinner, which is really fun, but like, what's shocking is like how little life has changed. I would say, look, look e-commerce is amazing. Like, you know, I love when people have gotten skin in the game. This, this is what I like to do on the weekends.