At some point, we tried to raise more money and you know, the investor was like the entire natural deodorant industry is something like $30 million a year. So why would anyone be interested in investing in a category that only has $30 million a year run rates? And the tactics that he shared are actually quite insightful. And so that, that was like the Genesis of like, okay, look, we think we can create a deodorant that does the job of an, a. Antiperspirant the other way I thought about it was look like a lot of us work in office environments, where we commute in a car, we get to an office, we sit at a desk and work at a computer and, you know, using an antiperspirant everyday. And so we're shipping these boxes out, we shipped 60 out and then sales start dropping because you know, we're off the product hunt and I'm like, okay. And this was in 2015, you know, like today there's a new, natural theater at the lunches every day in 2015. I used to be selling products at a farmer's market, and now I'm making 500 dealers for you a week. And she's like, we're going to scale this business. Two days later, she calls me and she's like, my son is sick. I don't really want to be making these deodorants in my apartment. In fact, I'm bringing out the editor of this podcast to come because I just think it's a really great opportunity. I rent a Zipcar and I go over there and I'm just looking at our deodorants. But we're doing like tiny changes, like, you know, like changes that wouldn't even influence the ingredient tackle that we're like, Hey look, do you think we should put in, you know, Uh, 1% of this ingredient or 1.05% of this to see what's better. We're not setting up any more of these deodorants that are lotion. Uh, I was not, uh, you know, in Silicon Valley, there's a lot of people that whole thing to do is say, I'm here to change the world. And so we're like, you know, we've got some cash, but not a ton of cash. Amazon has this phrase, you know, customer obsessed is what Jeff Bezos says. And I think that it was also just like, uh, you know, th they have their own business and they're like, you know, maybe this is too small, we're a billion dollar business. And so one of the things that we sell is like the sizzle, right? Look, you know, there are, there are times where I'm like, okay, look the month, a month closes. And I'm just like, we generated, you know, 4 million in revenue this year, this month add another zero to that price buddy, add two more zeros. And two, I remember one guy who, who was like the CEO of the company was like, you know, trying to judge my marketing ability. And so I tweeted it and I was like, If you're wondering when I decided to destroy your business, it was when you sent me this letter, like before I was like, you know, you guys are a Nat, uh, and I don't care about your tiny business and I'll let you exist. Why did the first acquire or not end up buying you? They were like, you know, they came out to San Francisco. This is how we're thinking about the business. So people PR so you can prove this as a repeatable model. Like, you know, we have this contest internally to make another email funny and very human. I would say, look, look e-commerce is amazing. I don't have a direct line of communication with people who use my product every day.