At some point, we tried to raise more money and you know, the investor was like the entire natural deodorant industry is something like $30 million a year. So why would anyone be interested in investing in a category that only has $30 million a year run rates? And I was like, if the natural deodorant industry is $30 million a year where the entire natural deodorant, we're doing $30 million a year at this point, Okay. And the tactics that he shared are actually quite insightful. So where are you when you have the idea for native deodorant? And you know, I've been seeing this problem for the last four years since I've been buying the deodorant from Dwayne Reed. And it'll be on my body for 23 hours and 45 minutes for the next 60 years, I should at least be able to pronounce some of the ingredients in this thing. And then my sister gets pregnant and she's telling me how she's using dove. And what it does is aluminum acts as like a plug to block your sweat glands from excluding sweat. And so that's the way I thought about sweating. And so that, that was like the Genesis of like, okay, look, we think we can create a deodorant that does the job of an, a. Antiperspirant the other way I thought about it was look like a lot of us work in office environments, where we commute in a car, we get to an office, we sit at a desk and work at a computer and, you know, using an antiperspirant everyday. Generally they're buying a Duane Reades and Walmarts and targets. I put it on product hunt, product hunt has multiple pages. And what was the little tagline at that time? Um, so does my sister cause she's pregnant. I'm not sure if it's my personal body chemistry or what it is, but yeah, w we were testing natural deodorants left and right from Etsy. And so we're shipping these boxes out, we shipped 60 out and then sales start dropping because you know, we're off the product hunt and I'm like, okay. I had the click-through rate, the CPA, the return on investment. And I started doing that every day, starting, you know, probably, uh, August, 2015, or maybe September, 2015. And she's like, we're going to scale this business. And so I'm like, okay, maybe this business is over. So that's my genuine recommendation for hustle con. Let me give this to you guys so that you can get a discount. My first million, all caps, all one word again. You got to figure out your travel to get there, but I'll buy your tickets to the conference itself. He gave, it was like an hour long conversation and I probably said five words. I'm not going to like, uh, you know, bankrupt the business. I rent a Zipcar and I go over there and I'm just looking at our deodorants. And you're like, wait, I I'm better than this. And so, you know, look what had been happening is that okay. And so for a while, we've been attempting to make a better deodorant, like a better formula. Solomon's like, you're running the washer and dryer every day. You found a manufacturer just by Googling who the heck makes deodorant. It sounds like it really paid off that you weren't just using a Chinese manufacturer. It allows us to have a really flexible supply chain two. Great the day I go over there and terrible the next day. When you, when I build, I build products that are like software and software, it's pretty easy to iterate. If you like it, leave a review on our website. And if you hate it, Please reply back to this email. And so that's how we AB test formula change. Therefore we believe this formula is that's exactly right. We're getting into the weeds as much as possible. Um, you know, six weeks later, we'll start seeing repeat purchase rates. And there's not a whole bunch of other examples. And even on Pinterest, we're seeing a good return on investment. I would want to maximize these sort of earnings per capita in my company. Because you're doing it as a one man show one. And so we're like, you know, we've got some cash, but not a ton of cash. And Michael Scott, you were Dwight on Sam, you were Daryl in the warehouse. And you know, I have no idea what our business will look like a year from now. Business to grow from that a hundred K a month to a million a month. Tell you, Hey, repeat purchase rate is the thing to key in on, I think for like, uh, it depends on the product you're in. Cause how many mattresses is someone going to buy it? They're not, I mean, what's the, I almost don't even think about it. I guess really what happened is by the time people started asking that question, I was like, I was like, we're doing a million dollars a month. And we're just like, I think this is a product that people want and need. Now you're doing a million dollars a month. Just give me a heads up because you know, at this point, uh, you know, we've started a process and we're talking to a bunch of other parties. But just radio, silence, like being ghosted from an ex or from like a, you know, a Tinder date is what's happening and where they, you think they were just picking your brain to get the numbers from you. Uh, maybe the, Oh, you know, the right person internally was like, we don't really care about this business. We send it out to a bunch of potential acquirers. Let's let you know, probably 120 pages long. And so on, like the bachelor you're, you're sitting there with the batch of the roses and you're you invite them all to the. Yeah, I'm not sure if they have the roses or I have the roses. Do you know how to make other products with the word native on them, help us do that. And so like a couple of guys are like, you know what? And did you, what did you internally, what did you internally think about this? You know, are you dreaming about a certain number? Look, you know, there are, there are times where I'm like, okay, look the month, a month closes. And I'm just like, we generated, you know, 4 million in revenue this year, this month add another zero to that price buddy, add two more zeros. And two, I remember one guy who, who was like the CEO of the company was like, you know, trying to judge my marketing ability. Uh, and as like, I know that, uh, like I was like, this is one of those things where you think either I'm intelligent or I'm an idiot. These guys are not going to go away unless we do this. Cause like, uh, I never felt it wasn't a, we with my investors, like they were all like super happy and super excited about getting the deal done. So I don't know who those investors are, do, Michael, but he, I hope he should mention their name. And like, you know, in the last six months, I don't even remember what, but they invest in a refillable theater company and I'm like, well, I see that you're doing a refillable deodorant now. And so I tweeted it and I was like, If you're wondering when I decided to destroy your business, it was when you sent me this letter, like before I was like, you know, you guys are a Nat, uh, and I don't care about your tiny business and I'll let you exist. You know, uh, we, we go after them 10 times harder, you know, like, uh, Donald Trump has always like, we're building this wall 10 feet higher. But if he's got it himself, for sure, I love it. How did it feel and where are you guys at now? Why did the first acquire or not end up buying you? They were like, you know, they came out to San Francisco. And they're like, this is how it's going to be post acquisition. This is how we're thinking about the business. Native coconut and vanilla is the bestselling name, uh, deodorant skew at target over the last 52 weeks. And we haven't even been there for 52 weeks. Is this just like your marketing genius or what, what is it? What do you think is the message for the next you who maybe doesn't have the sort of. This brand is not going to have any legs and no one's going to care without influencer advertising. And for me, like, Well, it gave me a lot of confidence was, you know, things were working early on. I was like, we turned your 50 K to a million dollars. And like my family's in town to help celebrate, which is really fun. And like one of the things I realized afterwards, cause you know, all these people are like, Oh, being ready, which is not that great. It's like the people that work there and how devoted they are to the business. And I was like, wow, these people like care, understand the business and want to make sure. And like, that's definitely something I do. If you were 21 today, starting from scratch. I would say, look, look e-commerce is amazing. Everything is really cheap out of the gate. This, this is what I like to do on the weekends.